[#1] Initialize the project using flutter-templates (#26)
nimblehq/ic-flutter-avishek: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/release_template.md

> Link to the milestone on Github e.g. https://github.com/nimblehq/flutter-templates/milestone/41?closed=1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Link to the milestone on Github e.g. https://github.com/nimblehq/ic-flutter-avishek/milestone/41?closed=1
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/nimblehq/ic-flutter-avishek/pull/26/commits/087f4c2fa27bd775ebe3c3f2bbaaf109f6dbd957.

or Link to the project management tool for the release

## Features

Provide the ID and title of the issue in the section for each type (feature, chore and bug). The link is optional.

- [#1] As a user, I can log in or

> - [[#1](https://github.com/nimblehq/flutter-templates/issues/1)] As a user, I can log in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [[#1](https://github.com/nimblehq/ic-flutter-avishek/issues/1)] As a user, I can log in
```

Author: Updated in https://github.com/nimblehq/ic-flutter-avishek/pull/26/commits/087f4c2fa27bd775ebe3c3f2bbaaf109f6dbd957.
